I'm going to do a vegetable biryani
using mushrooms one so I'm going to cut
them all right drink us and courgettes
here okay please put some courgettes in
let's cut these slightly different all
right because we want them to quench it
quite hard what you don't want is it to
be sort of blended into the rice that's
why we've left and right back quite
chunky quite hard now some restaurant
owner is insane you cannot put spinach
in brownies why not why not you tell me
why not put anything in the Indian it's
not a problem I've got a potato so let
me just use this potato agent all right
this is going to feed one person I guess
I suppose you could stretch it to two if
you just believe it more in that i will
use finish I've already said it so I'm
going to use it anyway now they are this
is a small onion cooked at all now
remember you're using as a medium masala
and now i'm going to show you how to
make a vegetable biryani using fresh
mushrooms over so fresh mushroom
courgettes potatoes and i'm going to put
some spinach in as well our spinach
alright and there you go in there now
it's one small onion fry up with some
salt ernet remember those got and what a
little bit more certain I would menu but
in this is rely space dish okay let's
put these in
I'm going to put one teaspoon government
and a little bit of water just to put
the courgettes and also the mushroom and
everything else and there's the pressure
in there for us to actually young the
rice over there okay now we're going to
do is we're going to put a lid on it
like so and welcome back to that in
about two minutes two minutes then that
should be ready there you go have a look
at that map color look at that look now
of course some people they like put
things through the brownies sultana is
raising boots and so on but you can do
this with this view is it's not a
problem i'm gonna let it go for another
minute I think that's ready now I'm
going to take the lid off i'm going to
show you what it's looking like now
shall we wait let's have a look at that
man there you go it's almost right just
lovely we can smell it now thats a nice
you know lovely lovely mix your
vegetable all the vegetables are quite
boom but they're cooked potatoes could
cause yet Scott and a mushroom yeah okay
rice I am put too much writing that
white is because it's smelling for one
person really but then you can put more
rice in there and make it for two people
just multiply on everything I've just
done okay let that simmer for a bottom
cook for about a minute
wait is our brioni pass complete
vegetable brioni this was created using
NASA's medium or low that's medium
mashallah as I say these endless
possibilities endless number of dishes
that you can actually do with this